Let us quickly browse through the agenda of this course.
There are two main things we need to cover,
first, the API itself, how it works, and how it has been organized,
and then give examples.
This course is application oriented in a way we are not
going to cover all the methods and all the classes brought
to the JDK by the Reflection API,
but merely the minimum we need to create two small applications.
We will thus cover everything you need to know and you need to
understand to be able to go further and to understand the rest
that has not been covered in this course.
The fact is that there are many methods in the classes of this API.
Covering everything would be really tedious.
So we will first introduce the API, the main concepts, and the main classes.
And then we will jump into examples.
The first one is a small and very naive object relational mapping application.
The same kind of things Hibernate is doing, but much, much, much more simple.
And the second example will be a dependency injection framework.
Once again, a very, very simplified version of the Spring framework.
And then we will talk about performances.
Performance hits is the main thing people are talking about when they are
talking about the problems with the Reflection API.
These problems have been identified and dealt with with method handles, and we will cover that point in detail.